Previously on "Power...
I want you to give this
to Tommy Egan.
Or else what really happened
to Marshal Williams
is gonna become
public information.
Rusty.
Let's go. St. Patrick.
Stay away from my fucking son.
Thomas Patrick Teresi.
He gave me his fucking name.
He wanted to take you from me.
Stay the fuck away from me. Ma.
Hmm. I didn't know
you had a lady.
I wouldn't call her my lady.
I can either be your lover
or your lawyer. but not both.
Will you take my case?
How do I trust you?
Do you still love me?
I'd like for you to meet Alphonse.
He's our new community liaison.
We got to make sure
that he's kept whole.
But right now
the orders from my superiors
are to let the two of you go.
- Keep Diego.
- You want your brother gone.
you do it yourself.
Diego knows you set him up.
Put the fucking gun down.
I thought I told you
to stop working with Ghost.
I need you to take out
Jason Micic.
If you do something for me.
Diego Jimenez.
- That gun was stolen.
- You're lying to the police.
I watched you
put that gun in the safe.
The bullet that killed
Raymond Jones
matches the ballistics we ran
on Tasha St. Patrick's gun.
and Valdes
fucking buried the report.
They think you stole my gun
and killed Ray Ray.
and she's helping you
to frame me for it.
Natasha. I don't want you to worry.
I'll figure something out.
I'm gonna ask
Terry Silver to lie for me.
- Why would he do that?
- Because he loves me.
More than you ever did.
♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it.
Then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man
In the meantime ♪
♪ Go ahead and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007
That's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
Tell her. ""Baby. I love ya"" ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that
I'm moving with no hesitation ♪
♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
Tasha seems to think
she's got Silver on lock.
Let's hope for
all our sake's she's right.
I know him. I'm not so sure
he's ready to lie for her.
It would be against
his better judgment if he did.
but when people are in love...
They make bad decisions.
Well. you're going
to back me up. right?
You're asking me
to commit perjury?
To lie on the stand?
If I'm caught. I could
lose my license and go to jail.
You're still protecting James.
Why would I put myself
at risk for him?
- Terry. please. you don't-- -
You're still in love with him.
After all this time. you asking
me to do this is proof of that.
- No. I don't.
- Then you have got to turn him in. Tasha.
Or I will. Get your coat.
We're going to the police. now.
Look. James didn't kill
Raymond Jones.
Tariq did.
That's why
I'm asking you to lie.
To save my son.
You've been lying to me
this whole time?
- You said you did it.
- I was trying to protect Tariq.
I thought that if no one knew.
that maybe
I could figure it out.
but now I know
I need help. Terry.
I need
your help.
The best solution is for Tariq
to turn himself in.
They would never charge him
with the first degree.
We could try for
juvenile delinquent status-
Terry. no!
Tariq is a good kid.
He has a bright future.
and you know as well as I do.
he's a young black man.
The police and the system
would eat him alive.
Will you do this for me?
Please?
I need you.
Please.
All right.
Thank you.
So did you know how long this
been going on between them?
She didn't tell me. she just
said he was her lawyer.
We're not girlfriends. exactly.
Hmm.
I know it's a surprise.
her and Silver.
But do you care
because of the case.
or do you care because of Tasha?
It's not about Tasha.
It's about Tariq.
If her relationship
saves Tariq. then so be it.
Doesn't change me and Tasha.
and it certainly
doesn't change me and you.
I'm scared.
I thought we had this handled.
I'm sorry I was wrong.
Hey. hey.
Thank you for trying
to help Tariq out.
Thank you for doing this for me.
I did it for myself.
to stay out of jail.
And for Tariq.
And Raina.
And yeah. for you. too.
When we started. I never
thought we'd end up here.
I'm out of the game. okay?
The whole life is done.
The Queens Child Project
is the only hustle I got going.
The cleaner you get.
the dirtier I become.
I was prosecuting criminals.
Now. I am one.
- I feel so wrong. Jamie.
- Hey. but it's for the right reason. you know?
We've come this far. We've got
to see it through. Angie.
They're gonna come for me.
For everything I've done.
Come here.
I got you.
I should stay away from you.
We should all stay away
from each other.
Or we should stick together.
We stick together.
nothing will go wrong. okay?
You proved yourself.
standing with Tariq.
I'm just asking.
I need to prove myself to you.
♪ Kiss back and forth.
I can't count how many ♪
♪ Times we've said good-bye ♪
♪ Love your smile.
but I can't count how many ♪
♪ Times you've made me cry ♪
♪ You cried. too.
when we vowed to forget it ♪
♪ And every day.
I wish I could forgive it ♪
♪ But if you just tell me
you'll never lie to me ♪
I missed you.
If we can prove
James St. Patrick
killed Officer Raymond Jones.
we can expand the RICO.
Blanca is having
the Manhattan district attorney
move forward
with a grand jury hearing.
She's having Terry Silver
subpoenaed as a witness
to corroborate Tasha St. Patrick's
gun in the closet story.
It's pretty convenient that
she reported her gun missing
after both her daughter and
Officer Jones were murdered.
Okay. yes. it's possible
she reported it missing
to cover their tracks after
getting rid of the murder weapon.
but we still have no proof
they did anything.
Yeah. and we still need
hard evidence to prove
that James St. Patrick
is the shot caller
of a criminal drug enterprise.
No wonder they call him Ghost.
I want Angela's head on a wall.
Oh. God.
I am picturing Angela's face
when she finds out
she's being indicted.
That just gets me fucking...
...excited to prosecute
this RICO.
Okay. hold up. snowflake. you're
including Angela in on this RICO?
You actually think
that she's part
of St. Patrick's criminal
organization?
Are you kidding me? She's the
connective tissue in all of this.
St. Patrick owns her.
That's how he keeps getting
away with all this shit.
We'd get to charge
everyone together.
and she'd be sitting
at the defense table with him.
And after talking to Blanca.
we have evidence that Angela
used Darryl's login
to delete evidence
out of Tasha St. Patrick's
case file.
Donovan. keep an eye on Angela.
We already have her
for obstruction of justice.
but we need to see just
how deep her involvement goes.
Mak and Saxe. I want you
to put the squeeze on Teresi.
Since becoming a free man.
he hasn't given us anything
on St. Patrick and Egan.
Will do.
Fuck.
You motherfuckers
show up in my neighborhood.
you're gonna get me killed.
Get in here. get in here.
Hey. Mrs. Teresi.
how you feeling?
Go fuck yourself.
What?
Did Thomas Egan
ever mention a woman
named Angela Valdes to you?
- No. who is that?
- His business partner's ex-girlfriend.
A federal prosecutor.
He never mentioned
no lawyer broad.
- So why?
- We think she's helping
St. Patrick cover up a murder.
Get Egan to talk about it
if you can.
- Implicate both of them.
- A murder. right?
- That ain't much to go on.
- You're smart.
You'll figure it out.
Mrs. Teresi.
I know you got out
because of me.
But do you really want
to snitch on the only family
you're gonna have left
when I'm gone?
- You're my family.
- Oh. come on.
I'm not a fucking idiot.
Tommy's your son.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I knew about the affair
for a long time.
but I only recently discovered
there was a child.
Connie. listen.
I am so. so sorry.
I am.
I didn't like lying to you.
but I didn't know
how to tell you. either.
Can you forgive me?
If you can't.
it's gonna kill me.
Yeah.
I forgive you.
Actually. I'm glad he's around.
He'll be able to
take care of you when I'm gone.
That is.
unless you put him in jail.
If you put him in jail.
you're gonna be all alone.
- Jerry. thanks for coming in.
- Hey.
- Have a seat.
- I'm actually on my way out
for an arrest warrant.
I don't have long.
Okay. I'll make this quick.
Did you ever hear from
Blanca Rodriguez again?
I can't say.
What do you mean you can't say?
When Mike was trying to frame
you for being the mole.
I had your back.
You need to watch your six.
Valdes.
You have no friends
in this office.
What about you. Jerry?
Are you my friend?
I'm gonna be your
best friend right now.
Stay away from
James St. Patrick.
When it comes to him. your
judgment is beyond impaired.
- Christ. it's non-existent.
- What does my cop case
have to do with
James St. Patrick?
You tell me. Angela.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Okay. great.
Just know this. Valdes.
Whatever happens. I'm not going
to take the fall for you.
And as of now...
I don't owe you a goddamn thing.
Hey. I wanted to follow up
on the deal we made.
You sitting down with Jason.
and me sitting down with Diego.
- Yeah. I'm still cool.
- Good.
I'm about to walk into
a meet with Jason now.
I'll hit you up on the details
later. all right?
All right. bet. I'm getting
stuff on lock with Diego. man.
But. um. this shit stays
between us. right?
Yeah. always between us.
All right. later.
Better have good news
for me. Tommy.
Don't fuck up my morning
Turska coffee.
I got some great news for you.
$2 million clean cash
that I owe you.
It's about fucking time.
And what's the status
on Jimenez?
Still above ground.
They was arrested by the feds.
but by some sort of fucking
miracle. they got cut loose.
Now we gonna get the job done.
but we got to be careful with
the Feds having eyes on them.
Fuck!
If the Feds cut him loose.
then Jimenez
must have given them
something in exchange.
They could be snitching
on my organization as we speak.
And you're the missing link
between their organization
and mine.
Your timeline to kill Jimenez
just got pushed up.
I want those ports
like you fucking promised
before the Feds
snatch them out of my reach.
For real.
we can get you those ports.
I wasn't talking to you.
old friend.
It's a good thing
you got me my money. Tommy.
Or you'd all be dead right now.
Fucking Ma.
Tommy. Tommy.
Why wouldn't you tell us
Jimenez got arrested. man?
Get over it. Ghost.
Like you never kept shit
from me before?
Jason my boss.
This my organization.
I'ma do shit
the way I'ma do shit.
I got somewhere I got to be.
Yo. K.
I'm so fucking tired of Jason
breathing down
our fucking neck. K.
Look. man. I need your help
with something.
But it's got to fucking
stay between us.
I'm about to get
a location on Diego.
It's the opportunity
to take his ass out. K.
The problem is. you know. he knows
who I am. He'll recognize me.
So you want me to cap his ass.
Well. yeah. I mean. you know.
he'll never see you coming.
Bet.
That Spanish nigga dead as fuck.
Thanks. K.
Whoa. Joseph Proctor.
Oh. you. uh-- you applying
for the paralegal job?
Well. if it isn't
Tweedle Dumb Fuck.
- Where's your keeper?
- Well. Mak stepped out.
but you can just
leave your resume with me.
I'm done with
this bullshit. okay?
I just wanted you to know.
I'm filing those
harassment charges
so I can get my license back.
Well. you know. I could. uh.
reinstate your license
with two phone calls. right?
So do it.
Not without getting something
from you first.
I'm not gonna tell you
anything about my clients.
I already told you that. so...
I want to know about someone
you don't represent.
Why don't you. uh--
Why don't you close the door?
Why do I feel like
I'm alone with a priest?
You know anything about Angela
Valdes covering up a murder?
Whoa.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
So is that a no?
I haven't heard a word.
Would you protect her
if you had?
No.
Come back to me
with some information.
I'll make the calls.
Make the calls.
and then I'll come back to you
with some information.
Hey. sweetheart.
could you get me Alex Navarro
at the state bar committee?
Hey.
I got Terry on lock.
He'll do it.
Dipping out on me
when I was on trial.
- That's some low shit. Tasha--
- Excuse me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I know you're not trying to
come at me about adultery.
And just so you know.
it didn't happen
until after he got you off.
- And then he got you off.
- Fuck you. Ghost.
You know. I could have had
a good life.
I threw it away the night
I held that gun for you.
Thing about Terry is.
I'll never have to hold
or hide a gun for him.
But you're asking him
to do that for you.
Come on. Tasha. you know that
nigga ain't built for that.
You really sure that he's ready
to go down for you?
Yes. he is.
And you scared Angela
last night.
I mean it. Tasha.
We can't have her run off
and go try to save
herself. okay?
Shit is way too far for that.
I'm sure you
handled her. though.
- It ain't about you. Tasha.
- Hmm.
And this is not about me.
This is about us and Tariq.
You save my boy. do whatever
the fuck you want to do.
Good.
Because I'm sure
you certainly will.
- Mrs. St. Patrick--
- Yeah. yeah.
How's the family
holding up. James?
- Complicated. as you can see. Tate.
- Hmm.
So you're officially announcing
that you're running for governor.
When were you going
to tell me that. huh?
That's why I wanted
to come by and talk.
How did you know
I was. uh. announcing?
Why would you hide it?
That's the more
important question.
You know. I do appreciate
your donations to the campaign.
Very generous and kind of you.
But you see.
your temperamental behavior
is a serious liability
to the Queens Child Project.
And James. I'm letting you go.
Rashad. you-- You keep
doing this. don't you?
Look man. I'm trying
to turn a corner.
but I'm really starting
to fucking lose my patience.
I'll be giving
your money back. every dime.
once I officially
announce my candidacy.
Good luck to you. James.
Here you are. sir.
When you cut the Jimenez loose.
you made me
look like an asshole.
- You owe me one.
- Fair enough.
- What can I do?
- I need a new job.
You have any openings
in your department?
You don't even know
what my department does.
Let me try this on for size.
The Jimenez
are stable and secure.
They own a sizable section
of the border
between the U.S. and Mexico.
and until the government
can control the area. you want
the Jimenez to stay in place.
You do that.
It's DEA. CIA. FBI. Interpol.
all mixed together
without an official name.
Super-effective.
and totally invisible.
Wow. I'm impressed.
I'm overqualified
and highly motivated.
Mmm. I can see that.
What if I knew of something.
but it's in D.C.?
I don't know.
My family is here.
Give you the fresh start
you need.
I can show you around.
Help you put everything
behind you.
I'm sorry. I got to go.
So do you want to talk about it
further over drinks tonight?
I'll call you. okay?
Thanks for lunch.
Hey. Angie.
These organic chips
are delicious.
- I need to fucking move.
- It won't matter.
Hey. why did the Jimenez
get cut loose?
I don't know. If it were up to
me. they'd still be in custody.
Well. they need to get got.
sooner rather than later.
Tommy. why do you want to
take out your own connect?
What. you already got another
connect lined up or something?
You are asking
too many questions.
You're a fucking liar.
You're not the distro.
That's why you just asked me
if the Jimenez
was snitching
on another organization.
You're working
for their competitor.
Who the fuck is it?
I told you before. Angie.
I ain't that guy.
Oof. I got to go.
Stop breaking into my apartment.
- So where are we headed?
- My connect at the MCC
sold all your shit.
He's got some cash for you.
Hey. how are we gonna clean it
now that Ghost
hasn't got your back?
Beats the fuck out of me.
Ghost was always the mastermind
behind that shit.
Well. how did you used to do it?
We bought a business.
You know. Wash 'n Folds.
Dirty laundry wasn't the only
thing being cleaned there.
All right. pull over here.
It's the house on the right.
- Teresi.
- Hey.
I still can't believe
they let you out.
This guy's a real
menace to society.
- Romano. how you doing?
- Good.
- You know Sammy?
- Nice to meet you.
That's Tommy.
That's his weight
you were moving.
Didn't I put you
through the system in the MCC?
- Great fucking memories.
- Yeah. well. your shit's
selling like hotcakes
on the inside.
Good. plenty more
where that came from.
Come on in.
Here we go. here's your cash.
Something doesn't feel right.
No. no. it's all there. Teresi.
You don't mind if I
take a look. do you?
We'll just see here. let's see.
Oh. all right. so far. so good.
Mr. Romano.
let me state for all here.
sometimes. you got to...
Aw. shit.
I was trying to avoid
a confrontation with you.
Look. I was just short
this week.
I didn't want to
disappoint you. okay?
This is the oldest fucking trick
in the book. you motherfucker.
Hey. I was gonna
give you double next week.
Hey. you really should
have thought this through
before you disrespected us.
Come on. man. I'm sorry. I swear.
it's not going to happen again.
It's not gonna happen again.
Tommy. put him in twilight.
No. no. no. no--
Get him in the chair.
Tommy. tie him up.
Are you serious.
you fucking piece of shit?
What the fuck were you thinking?
I wasn't gonna count it?
I would never
find out about this?
- Major League.
- Or something...
Come on. hey. right there.
I could be a Civil War surgeon.
We'll take an inch off.
I never paid attention
in shop class.
- Boys.
- Oh. that's it. that's the one.
- What do you think?
- There you go. buddy.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no--
Hey. you know the first rule
of power tools?
Eye protection.
You ready?
Say "ah."
Oh. yeah?
A shredder tonight.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. wait.
Are you sure you've got
another connect on the inside?
Well. after 25 years.
of course I do.
No. no!
Yeah. fuck you.
The night you were born. I
remember holding you. and thinking.
"This little guy's going to
grow up to be a fine man."
But because of my mistakes. son.
you had to grow up a lot
faster that I hoped you would.
Listen. 'Riq. I'm so sorry.
for everything.
- What's up?
- Yo.
I'm ready to talk the long game.
I knew you'd come
to your senses. my nigga.
That shit you pulled back there
was twisted as fuck.
Oh. come on.
- Ah. shit.
- That must run in the family.
Really. well. what's the
worst shit you ever pulled?
Me and Ghost. one time.
we used a nail gun on this guy.
and shot him in the head.
- Oh. fuck.
- This other time.
I bubble wrapped this dipshit.
You know. I tossed him
off a building
to see if it would pad his fall.
He lived.
And then I shot him in the head.
- So what. that's it?
- Oh. no. I ain't done.
I set a guy on fire. I drove
over this Dominican guy twice.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah. that was some funny shit.
Yeah. I still can't believe
he didn't die.
Don't forget that fat dude
we hit for you in the MCC.
Yeah.
You must have some
friends in high places
to find out where he was.
because. because that shit
is usually top secret.
Yeah. our lawyer
is well-connected.
Yeah.
Huh.
So you did all this stuff.
and you never got caught?
Mmm-hmm.
I'm proud of you. kid.
You know what? You should
come over for dinner.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And then just. you know.
tell these capers
to me and Connie.
'cause I think it would
lift her spirits
to have a good laugh. I do.
Connie. she is one hell
of a cook.
Not you. Sammy.
You can sit this one out.
Tonight is just a family dinner.
Thanks. Dad.
Hey. uh. pull over here.
I got to get a pack of smokes.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Welcome to Queens.
This weather's crazy.
- Coming?
- I got to take this.
- Yeah. Ma. what you want?
- Hey. Tommy.
Can you come over tonight
so we can talk?
And would you bring me a little
something to perk me up. too?
No. I'm not coming over
tonight. Ma. or ever.
I got other plans.
What plans?
You want anything
from inside. Tom--
Is that Tony?
You're with the piece of shit?
Bye. Ma.
Oh. my God.
I missed your cooking.
Mmm.
Those meatballs
are the shit. Connie.
Thank you for having me.
Well. it's nice to be cooking
for somebody again.
Hey. Con.
Tommy needs a legit business
to clean his money.
Now. you always have good ideas
about this kind of thing.
What do you think. hmm?
Why don't you start
a private ambulance business?
Nobody's gonna question
an ambulance
tearing down the street
at 2:00 a.m.
Cops aren't gonna question it.
It'd be a perfect
way to move drugs and money.
I fucking love that idea.
Jesus. there you go.
You got a girlfriend. Tommy?
- No.
- You got to have somebody.
A good woman who's
got your back. you know?
Someone who will
do anything for you.
Hmm?
Yeah. I had somebody like that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
but she don't live
in New York no more.
Yeah? That's too bad.
- You should not be alone.
- I'm not.
I mean. I'm actually seeing
somebody on and off.
Oh. yeah? I'd like to meet her.
Bring her by for dinner.
- Yeah.
No. I don't think she'd--
No. come on--
Tommy. Tommy. I know you're in there.
Your car is parked outside.
There goes the neighborhood.
Let me in.
Would you relax. listen--
No. no. no. yo.
- Oh. hey. hey. hey.
- I can't believe you blew me off for him.
Ma. get the fuck out of here.
What are you doing here?
How did you even
find this place?
Do you know how many times
I drove around here.
wondering if he would ever
leave that bitch?
- Fuck you.
- Whoa.
- Kate. Kate. get out of here.
Do you know who this is. huh? Do
you know who this is? My son.
You know he's Tony's
little bastard?
Yeah. I know.
Of course I know.
Ma. you get the fuck
out of here right now.
You heard my son. go.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You assholes deserve each other.
That's it. that's it.
- Get the door.
- I got it.
- Come on.
- Fuck the lot of you.
Get out. come on.
Oh. my God.
- Silver.
- James.
What are you doing here?
I found a match
to your lady's earring
that she left behind
in your apartment.
The funny thing is that I found
a match in Tasha's jewelry box.
Look. uh...
Nothing happened between us
until after your trial.
You think the ethics committee will
care about that? I know I don't.
Tasha seems to think
that you're gonna
back up her story about a gun.
I told her I don't think
you're the kind of man
that would stand up for her.
Are you?
Oh. I'll stand up for Tasha.
But I think you killed
Raymond Jones.
and that she's protecting you.
I didn't kill Raymond Jones.
She says it was Tariq.
I don't know
what to believe anymore.
I'll make your moral dilemma
easy for you.
You are going to corroborate
Tasha's story.
Or what?
James. if anything happens to
me. they'll be looking at you.
My relationship with Tasha
gives you motive.
Just verify her story.
And then I don't have to go
to the ethics committee.
and you get to have my wife
all to yourself.
Sup. LaKeisha?
- Hey. Tommy.
- Could I come in?
Okay.
So. I had dinner with my dad
and his wife.
Okay. so how'd it go?
Good. good. it went good.
I told him about you.
And they want to meet you
and have you over for dinner.
Okay. wait.
- You told them about me?
- Yeah.
And I understand
if you don't want to go.
You were right
to kick me to the curb.
you know. after everything
that I put you through.
But...
Whoever ends up with you
is gonna be one lucky guy.
Wait. wait.
You for real right now?
Yeah. I mean. I think I am.
No. no. I mean. I know that I am.
I'm just fucking this up.
No. you're not.
You're not fucking it up.
I'm just saying
if I'ma do this...
If I'ma do this again.
I got to know that you serious.
I'm serious.
Come here.
♪ Blindsided by your beauty
on a Thursday afternoon ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Can't get you out my head ♪
♪ It's like you're staring at me
from the ceilings of my brain ♪
♪ Why don't you dance with me.
why don't you dance with me ♪
♪ Dance with me.
dance with me ♪
My first payment to you.
Oh. man.
There is nothing better.
You know. I don't
really like you.
But this assload of cash makes
you a lot more tolerable.
Well. I appreciate you for
giving me this opportunity.
but we also found out
that it wasn't Ghost and Tommy
that ratted you to the Feds.
- Who was it?
- It was Arturo's bitch ass.
- Arturo?
- Yeah. but he won't be. uh.
diming you out anymore.
I took care of it.
It was Cristobal who chose him
to take that Toros spot.
Diego. I'm sorry. man.
Arturo wasn't my first choice.
You know. it was--
I should have trusted my gut
instead of listening
to Cristobal. you know?
Well. it's a good thing
he's dead.
No room for ratas
in this organization.
Agreed.
Well. listen. we're making so
much fucking money together.
as a token of my appreciation.
I want to throw you guys a
little private party tonight.
I hired some freaky ass hos.
and I know you like your ass
a nice little audience.
so you're taken care of.
my brother.
Now you're talking my language.
- Yes. sir.
- But I want you to make sure
that there is some BBWs
for my man right here.
who likes to suck them dry. and
then eat some lunch with you.
All right. say no more.
All right. so. uh.
the party starts at 11:00.
2-Bit will be here
to let you guys in.
Will you be coming
with anyone else?
- Will there be more-- - This
is the only soldier I trust.
The only man worthy enough
of fucking whores by my side.
- Lucky man.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- 11:00.
- Yes. sir.
- You're still here.
- Yeah. I'm still here.
Where the fuck else would I be?
I made you breakfast.
It's just cereal. but it's the
thought that counts. right?
Thank you.
So what does all this mean?
- You know. you and me?
- It means I'm down for you.
Just like you're down for me.
Well. I'm only
gonna fuck with you
if you let me do the cooking.
- Deal.
All right. so yeah. we good
for 11:00 tonight.
Diego thinks he's fucking
some hos as a gift from me.
So get there early and wait
inside so you can drop him.
- Where?
- My gambling spot here on Dunkirk.
He got one soldier with him.
so I'll leave the key
to the back door for you.
Got it. Jason's at the
LeBlanc Hotel. Suite 225.
He'll have three guards
with him.
All right. I'll figure it out.
Don't worry about that.
Good.
So this little party
you're throwing for Diego
is a fucking ambush?
Yeah. and after
you let Diego in.
you and Spanky going
to wait outside for Ghost.
After he smokes Diego.
y'all kill Ghost.
- Get rid of all the bodies.
- After he smoke Diego?
Why don't you
kill Ghost yourself?
How the hell am I gonna be
in two places
at the same time. man?
Tonight. I'm hitting
Tommy's Serbian plug
so we can take over
they territory.
With Diego dead.
there's no connect.
- Alicia is gonna run shit.
- Shit sound too risky.
What if she turn on you
for killing her brother?
She won't.
and after Diego's dead.
you could be my number two.
That's what you wanted. right?
You know I'm gonna say yes.
All right then.
so do that shit. Francis.
How you dealing
with Raina and everything?
Honestly. every single day
is hard.
But. I'm just. you know--
I'm trying to concentrate
on the good things.
Speaking of. my whole life
is about to change.
Speaking of happy endings.
Tommy and I were together
last night.
And. and. he was still
there this morning.
- Are you serious?
- Yep.
Weren't you the one that said
that you weren't going
to let him back in?
Uh-huh.
What happened. what changed?
He wants me to meet
his dad. his stepmom.
- Go over there for dinner.
- Wait. what?
I thought Tommy's dad was dead.
Well. who is he? Where has
he been all these years?
- I ain't never heard of him.
- I don't know about all that. T.
I'm just so happy that
Tommy and I are back together.
Wait. wait. okay. just--
let's go back to Tommy's father.
- Where did he say he met him?
- T.
We wasn't talking about
his father.
Hello. we was doing
other things.
Mmm-hmm. I know. nasty.
You crazy.
Oh. it's Terry.
Asking me to come over later.
- Better go get you some. girl.
- Oh. you know I will.
- What's up?
- Yo. why this nigga Dre
cut a deal with Ghost
to kill Diego
at the gambling spot tonight?
After Ghost get the job done.
Dre want me and Spanky
to body Ghost.
Sounds sus. right?
Your boy Dre
is a real snake. man.
Slithered his way up under Tommy
and stole his
whole organization.
Damn. I ain't know that shit.
I thought we all
walked on our own.
Look. Dre is so slick.
he got everybody thinking
what he want them to think.
We gonna play his game.
Show up at the gambling spot
tonight.
But Ghost ain't going
to kill Diego.
I am.
Just need to make sure
Spanky's on board
so he don't go
running his fucking mouth.
Spanky ain't the problem.
Dre thinks that Alicia
will still work with us
after Diego get his ass smoked.
I ain't too sure
about that shit.
Well. you know
I'm fucking with Tommy.
and he got a Serbian connect.
So you could just eat with us.
All right.
Wait. Serbian?
We both about to
lose our connects.
Dre is clipping that Serbian
tonight at the LeBlanc Hotel.
What the fuck
he want to do that for?
No. Dre ain't clipping nobody.
Jason got to stay alive.
because I'm gonna take over
Tommy's spot
in his organization.
- James.
- What's up. Alphonse?
It's been a minute
since I've seen you.
Well. that just means that
Tate's holding up
his end of our deal. right?
We're doing our part.
Want to make sure
you're doing yours.
So is the Queens Child Project
location on lock?
As long as that paper
keeps coming in. we all good.
Me and Tate been 100 for years.
Well. whatever
Tate's paying you.
I'll double that.
Oh. yeah?
You gonna skim even more?
Skim?
Shit. you ain't know?
I've been making a grip of cash.
'cause Councilman Tate's
been taking
Queens Child Project's funds
off the top to keep me paid.
Well. I got my license back.
- I'm a lawyer again.
- That's great news. Proctor.
I killed a guy
yesterday morning.
Please don't fucking tell me
shit like that.
Well. now that you
can't tell nobody.
I just like seeing
that look on your face.
Yeah.
And reminding you
who you're dealing with.
That is not something
I'm likely to forget.
- Tommy.
- Mmm?
You know anything about Angela
trying to cover up a murder?
Murder?
Angela Valdes?
Shit. I need some dirt on her.
and you know I can't ask James.
Hell no. you can't.
Let me ask you something.
How did you know that
Fed Sandoval was in the MCC?
- Silver told me.
- Well. how did he know?
- Fuck.
- What?
Angela told him.
He called me.
and we had him killed.
You think Angela
set us up to do it?
There's no way to know
without asking her.
but if this is the murder
she's trying to cover up.
and if someone's on to her.
we're all implicated.
But now that you're a lawyer
again. you can handle it?
I can try.
Stop killing people.
No.
There was a murder at the MCC.
Look. do I get total immunity?
- Were you involved?
- Do I get fucking immunity or not?
You got it.
Who died at the MCC?
There's a dead prison guard.
His name?
Marshal Clyde Williams.
St. Patrick crushed his skull.
And then he strangled
this other inmate
to make it look like
a prison fight.
You know. a murder-suicide
or something.
Did you see it go down?
You could say that. yeah.
Will you testify?
If it comes to that.
You know. my dad tried
to send me some lame-ass fucking
voice messages. trying to
apologize for his lies and shit.
Too late with that shit.
But let him think it's all good.
You know. the easiest way
to sneak up on your enemies
is to make them think
that they already won.
Sneak attack.
Hmm.
I get it.
Got to be one move ahead.
No. son. you got to be
three moves ahead.
You got a gangster born in you.
You start moving weight up here.
you're gonna be
balling the fuck out.
and you gonna get out
from under Ghost.
Checkmate.
Damn.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to become my own man.
Ready to be a hustler.
Just like you.
- Hey. Angie.
- The fuck. Tommy?
You said stop breaking into
your apartment. right?
Damn it.
How many people knew where
Mike Sandoval was being held?
They was trying
to keep him alive.
but I think you wanted him dead.
And that's why you told Silver
where he was.
- What's your point?
- Angela.
You're in no position
to tell me what to do.
I open my mouth about this
to anybody. you going down.
And I could
be going down anyways.
Someone in my office
is trying to put me in jail.
Over Sandoval?
No.
I need to eliminate the problem.
What you mean by "eliminate"?
What you asking me to do?
You got the devil inside.
I thought you were
one of the good guys.
I was.
So what's the target's name?
His name is John.
Well. that limits it down.
What's his last name?
There's one other thing
I want to try first. okay?
If I can clear my name.
and arrest the Jimenez.
though. Tommy...
What happens to them afterward.
it's out of my hands.
I hear you loud and clear.
Good luck with your problem.
And if you change your mind.
I'm right here.
Yeah.
♪ Bands a make
her dance. bands ♪
♪ All these chicks
popping pussy ♪
♪ I'm just popping bands ♪
♪ Bands a make
her dance. bands ♪
Prison fucked me up.
Being inside. you lose everybody
you ever cared about.
People say they going
to come visit you.
they gonna write you.
but they don't.
I mean. if you was to ever get
popped again. I would come visit.
Thanks.
But I ain't ever going back.
I got to bounce. little man.
I'll give you a ride
over to your spot.
Angela. you wanted to see me. and
I was just about to head home.
Have a seat. John.
You're gonna want to hear this.
You know. unless you got
that Jimenez case
back from that DEA asshole.
I'm not sure you have much
I want to hear.
That department inside the DEA.
where Steve Tampio works?
They need a lead council.
- And you're going?
- You're going. if you want it.
With my recommendation.
Real power. real influence.
You saw what they did
to us here.
Think about what that
would mean for you.
You know. it's no secret
we don't dance. Angela.
Why would you be willing
to do this for me?
I need a friend in this office.
And so do you.
if you want this D.C. job.
What do you want to know?
"I'm sorry. Tasha."
All right. James. what's up?
You said you have something
for me.
Well. Councilman. I've been
doing a lot of thinking
about the Queens Child Project.
and specifically. your future.
I wanted you to hear something.
Oh. shit. you ain't know?
I've been making a grip of cash
'cause Councilman Tate's
been taking
Queens Child Project's funds
off the top to keep me paid.
Listen to me.
I am the Queens Child Project.
motherfucker.
I'm not going anywhere.
So you go win
that governor's seat.
and you make sure that you
make the Queens Child Project
your top priority.
or I'll make you mine.
I'll be in touch
after my announcement.
Mmm-hmm. I know you will.
Look at the size of this gun.
You see?
Got some fine-ass hos
inside waiting for you.
Dre will be here in a minute.
Beautiful. andale.
All right. let's do this.
♪ Here we go ♪
One drink.
We're gonna have
a good time. amigo.
- I like them neat and tall.
- Do you want some champagne?
Si.
Yo. the plan changed tonight.
and I gots to know
you ain't going
to run your mouth.
Trust me. nigga. what's up?
Thank you. boss.
Ghost ain't the one
clipping Diego.
Kanan is.
This way to pussy.
Vamos. Dre said
these girls were kinky.
So we killing Kanan?
I ain't come prepared
for that shit.
No.
we just gonna tell Dre
that Ghost didn't show up.
And we didn't kill Kanan 'cause
that ain't what Dre told us to do.
- Oh.
- Remember what happened
last time we didn't
follow Dre's orders?
He ain't like that shit at all.
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ He-he-he-he-he-he-here
we go ♪
Dre's been making
too many moves.
and making lots of enemies.
Mmm-hmm.
We gonna be working for Kanan
and the Serbs real soon.
Mmm-hmm. I'm down.
Wherever you go. I go.
Where are Ghost and Tommy?
They on a need to know basis.
I took care of business.
The Jimenez found out
you wanted them dead.
and I had your back.
Niggas Ghost and Tommy
was stalling and shit.
They ain't down for you. but I
did what you told us to do.
That is a big move.
doing it on your own.
What do you want?
Tommy's position
in your organization.
You gonna take Tommy out?
Tommy and Ghost
can take each other out.
You pull that off.
and we can talk about
you taking over the spot.
but you got to earn it.
And I need to know
I can trust you.
I'll save your life again.
We need to bounce now.
A hitter from the Jimenez
is on his way over.
Fuck that. we should
stay here and kill him.
We can't. He's our only
link to Diego's sister.
You don't get your ports
until her bitch ass is dead.
Smart.
Modesto. Chuy.
Come on. Let's go.
♪ Go ♪
♪ Yeah. woo ♪
This is nice. Jamie.
The first of many
dinners together.
I could get used to this.
Who is that?
I don't know. I got it.
We need to talk.
- What did you do to Terry?
- Just gave him some incentive.
- What kind of incentive?
- To help us out. that's all.
Yeah. well that shit backfired.
He's fucking gone.
He left town.
moved out all his furniture.
I found a subpoena
on his counter.
Called the office and they say
he's on a leave of absence.
- We're fucked.
- Silver bailing makes it look
like he knew
incriminating information.
We all look bad.
and we're gonna go down
unless we can come up
with another plan.
I know. and I have to
protect 'Riq no matter what.
There's only one way
out of this.
The murder weapon?
You told me it was gone.
Insurance.
In case we got here.
- I'm gonna turn myself in.
- The hell you will.
Tasha. if anybody's going down
for my family. it's me.
♪ Are you really on that
NoDoz. woo ♪
♪ Because you can't sleep
on me no more ♪
♪ Because you don't see
why feet won't walk ♪
♪ Because you want beef.
don't mean you a killer ♪
♪ Running these streets.
want me. want iller ♪
♪ P-I-M-P. no chinchilla ♪
♪ Slang that D.
but I'm no drug dealer ♪
♪ Little nigga.
better ease up ♪
♪ Cold with the heat.
nigga. freeze up ♪
♪ I'm known to compete
with the best of them ♪
♪ Known as the leader
of the rest of them ♪
♪ Motherfucker. I'm known ♪
♪ Niggas think I'm playing ♪
♪ I ain't hearing
what you saying. stop hating ♪
♪ Hell no. nigga. I'm famous ♪
♪ Y'all bitches
think I'm playing ♪
♪ I ain't hearing
what you saying. stop hating ♪
♪ Hell no. nigga. I'm famous.
I'm famous ♪
♪ Hell no. nigga.
got a star on the wall ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm talking
hall of fame ♪
♪ He ain't talking
about money ♪
♪ And he's just bullshitting
in the car at the game ♪
♪ We get it all from the OGs ♪
♪ That's how I came up ♪
♪ You could front
like I'm soft if you want to ♪
♪ But you wouldn't last a day
where I came from ♪
♪ Even God couldn't save us.
get 'em ♪
♪ Dumb truck could pay us.
and never stop traffic ♪
♪ No road rage. got guns.
stopping traffic ♪